After completing the assignment, be sure to push to Github. You do not have to worry about pushing to Heroku this lesson.
Please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):
https://github.com/rdavis0/CSE341-node

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. 
    - Hand-built node.js server
    - Page that takes user input as a POST request and saves it to a file
    - some basic error handling
    - set up node debugging and other useful tools like nodemon

4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.
    None

5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.
    I learned a lot about how node uses an asynchronous paradigm. While I haven't fully wrapped my head around the concepts yet,
    I'm interested to continue learning how it works and how it is beneficial in creating fast, scalable web applications.

6. If you could change this assignment to be more effective or helpful, what would you change?
    The instructions and course materials could be a lot clearer. There is a lot of contradictory and/or missing instructions.
    While I understand the course has been or is being updated, it feels like nobody took the time to review the materials, and instead
    the students are being used as in-production QA testers.

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
   1 - Some attempt was made
   2 - Developing, but significantly deficient
   3 - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
   **4 - Meets requirements
   5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
    I followed along with the videos and did everything there was to do. I would have liked to rate myself a 5,
    but I didn't see much opportunity to be creative and excel in such a basic set-up assignment.